by Audi they don't know people it's Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about President Trump's foreign policy
again and we're going to talk about his
record-breaking achievement because when
an administration accomplishes something
that no other administration has ever
even dreamed of accomplishing it's worth
noting there were many that said the
Trump administration wouldn't be able to
do this even if they tried they wouldn't
be able to pull it off there were some
that were just that believing in US
military might however where we stand
today this administration is poised to
be the first administration in American
history to lose three wars in less than
one full term in office that is amazing
that is amazing it's impressive almost
when Trump's administration took over
there were three major military
campaigns going on granted I will give
him that some of them were a mess but
none of them were in such dire straits
that the situation was untenable they
were all situations that the United
States could eventually walk away from
without embarrassment without
undermining its position without
undermining its entire foreign policy
and without making every life lost a
life lost in vain
apparently that wasn't good enough for
our president in Syria granted it was a
mess it was a mess and the real mission
objectives we're never going to be
satisfied the the real idea behind that
was doused to saw that's what it was
about that wasn't going to happen
however when he took office it was more
or less stable the United States
presence there was pretty restricted to
maintaining our allies and running a few
fort operating bases now he could have
pulled back from the forward operating
bases he could have done that however
because he got intimidated on the phone
he sold out our allies and kind of
greenlit turkeys advance into the
country when he did that many people
including this channel pointed out that
it's likely to spiral out of control and
it has that situation has turned into a
giant black eye for the United States
everything that was spent in every life
that was lost there is in vain because
Trump couldn't handle a phone call
we have lost the goodwill of one of the
most powerful non-state actors in the
region and we have strengthened another
country's position in the Middle East
that's what's occurred now the second
campaign is Iraq Iraq was going along
for a long time and when the Trump
administration took power it was pretty
much over it was more or less done all
that was left was to maintain a force
there as a deterrent against the radical
elements while the national government
solidified and established itself had he
simply stayed the course doesn't take a
stable genius a strategic genius to do
that and he just stayed the course and
done nothing else Iraq
eventually would have been like Germany
or Japan in their relationship with the
United States that wasn't enough for our
president he chose to launch an
operation in their territory without
their consent against somebody who is
helping them and turn the entire nation
against the United States no matter what
happens now they will not be our ally
they will not be our friend
they will not be that stabilizing force
that we had hoped for in the region that
thousands of Americans died in an
attempt to create because he wanted to
get a big name because he wanted to
outdo Obama lost a war because of his
ego and now we have the situation in
Afghanistan the peace deal the wonderful
peace deal the historic peace deal it is
historic it's the first time that I'm
aware of that the United States has
surrendered to a non-state actor this
isn't peace till it's a u.s. surrender
even Lindsey Graham knows that
the terms of the deal basically required
the Taliban to reduce violence a little
bit at least say that they did and in
exchange for that the United States will
withdraw and abandon our ally the host
nation the national government and we
also decided to throw in four thousand
captured opposition fighters that are in
the custody of the Afghan national
government when these peace negotiations
started on this channel we said he is in
the process of selling out the national
government and here we are and here we
are we are going to withdraw leave them
to fend for themselves and we're trying
to obligate them to reinforce their
opposition before we do even if they
don't do this without any form of
assistance from the United States it is
an almost certainty that the Taliban
will take control of that country again
this is not a peace deal it is not a
peace process it is a u.s. surrender
that's where we're at that is Trump's
historic achievement being the first
u.s. president to lose three major
military campaigns in less than one full
term in office this is the same man who
mocked POWs and gold star families as
losers anyway it's just a thought y'all
have a good night